You can see a list of IP version 6 multi-course addresses on the Iona.
This is very similar to IP version for multicast addresses so the Ayana has an address or registry for
both IP version 4 and IP version 6.
So scrolling down in IP version 6 to a link a local scope multi-course addresses.
You'll notice that if 02 colon colon one is all nodes address and an IP version for the all systems
on this subnet address is 2 2 4 0 0 1 IP version 6 5 0 2.
Calm cool and to use all rodders and 2 2 4 0 0 2 is all routers in IP version 4.
So you notice that the host portion of the addresses in IP version 6 and IP version 4 are very similar
Fourways DVM or PII routers same over here.
Five and six is always P.F. same in IP version 6 5 and 6 the GOP is a IP version 6 which is 10 and decimal
so 2 2 4 0 0 or 10 is the GOP 9 is Version 2.
And thats the same IP version 6.
So you can have a look on the owner at the list of multi-course addresses used by IP version 6 as well
as IP version for Fortunately the host address numbers have been kept kind of consistent to make it
easier.